Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm good. Are you okay?
Yeah, you just scared me.
Gosh, wait!
This is your place. It's huge.
I can't tell her who I really am until I know I can trust her.
Uh, it's, uh, rented.
You must have some rich parents to rent a place this big.
Uh, it's my friend's place. He's abroad right now, and he's letting me stay here.
Oh, how much?
One, two...
Two thousand?
Two, yeah, yeah.
Oh, my God, you guys must be best friends.
We're practically related.
It's a thousand.
May I have...
You want to split the rent with me?
Yeah.
If we're a couple, we should go fifty-fifty.
All right. I'll set her aside.
Wow.
She doesn't even go there after all.
What? What?
Oh, curious. You said all this money by yourself?
Yeah, I'm trying to open a bakery.
I think I'm almost there.
So is Box you're obsessed with?
It's all for opening a bakery.
So my biggest dream.
What a genuinely ambitious girl.
I've got her all wrong.
So sorry. I forgot to tell you that I got married.
What?
And I moved in with my husband.
Once the dust settles, I've got to find the time to tell her who I really am.
Thank you so much for letting me stay with you these past three years.
Married to rich in the heat.
I will tell you later. I gotta go.
So Ms. Pearl, do you help unpacking?
Ms. Pearl.
I'm really impressed.
Where'd you learn to do all that stuff?
My mom, she passed away.
I know as a kid.
So I had to rely on myself for my most of my life.
Taught myself all those things.
Well, you have me now, Pearl.
Something around won't be alone anymore.
Water the lawn.
That adorable.
I've got this.
Someone is very comfortable in their skin.
Taking your shirt off in front of me.
You were just staring at me to go.
Why so shy now?
I wasn't staring.
I was just caught off guard.
Why don't you take a picture of the last longer?
Don't distract a king when you try to take care of business.
What a narcissist.
But he does have a great body.
Wait, why does he look so familiar from this angle?
Enjoy your seg.
Records for me?
Don't tell me.
They cheating on you already?
What?
No.
I found the man that I was telling you about.
The one from three years ago.
What's his name?
Ethan.
Ethan Smith.
Husband.
Ethan.
It's your husband.
An air full time creepo.
Isn't Ethan Smith of this Smith group?
What?
Smith group.
CEO.
I think my husband is just a security guard.
All right.
We both know if it weren't for that situation.
You may have been working at the Smith group
and even married to the CEO.
Hi.
I can't complain.
Okay.
I'm happy.
I have a job.
I have a husband.
No.
Apparently.
I don't know.
Maybe even a family in the future.
Stella.
The prostitute.
Give it back.
One of your clients.
Give this to you.
Business must be booming.
Do you remember back in high school?
You were drowning in boys.
Look who it is.
Stella.
The neighborhood whore.
How much for a night?
Actually, I have $200 right here for you.
Maybe you'll throw in a tip if you do a good job.
How's that?
Sounds like a good deal.
Yeah.
Come on.
Don't act so innocent.
We've seen those nasty photos of you on my buddy.
Yeah.
She's a wild one.
How many regulars did you have?
Ten.
Eleven.
Don't talk about me like that.
That wasn't true.
It was all fake photos.
Yeah, sure they were.
Just like this ring.
Probably from some guy you seduced.
That's my wedding ring, please.
You're married?
Who's your husband?
Does he know about your past?
I could tell him for you.
He doesn't need to hear your nonsense.
Now give me back the ring or I'm going to call the cops.
Here.
Take it.
I guess you'll just have to get it yourself.
That's what you got.
You'll pay for this, you bitch.
Thank you.
Have a seat.
Yeah.
What's the plan?
What?
Well, the baby making plan, of course.
I want all the details.
It's like, how many times do you shake the sheets?
Do you get my drift?
Grandma.
What kind of question is that?
Where did you even learn those words?
Oh, please.
We're all adults here.
And besides, I'm not getting any younger.
And you both promised me kids.
We know.
Grandma.
But having kids isn't something you can exactly rush.
Oh, sure it is.
And I have the solution.
So, this new age shaman, friend of mine.
And he is a miracle worker.
So you take one of these after dinner for two weeks.
And you will have a bundle of joy popping out in no time.
Do we have to take these?
I mean, unless you don't want kids.
No, no, that's not it.
It's just Grandma really wants to have this amazing grandkid.
Yeah, I don't know if these people are going to work.
You've had them before?
I've had people look into this shaman.
I'm pretty sure he's a fraud.
Well, you should tell Grandma she's being scammed.
No, I'm too busy.
Besides, Grandma likes her weekend excursions with her shaman.
I just considered a fee for his companionship.
Do you want kids?
I can be there in just a minute.
It's the bakery.
They're super behind on orders.
And they need me to help them make deliveries.
Oh, okay, I can drive you.
No, it's okay.
It's super close.
I can just walk there.
She's something.
Enjoy your meal.
Go ahead and look in.
I saw you down the hallway and I was wondering if you were open for business
because I could really use those services tonight.
Pervert, I'm delivering pastry.
Oh, delivering sweets, huh?
Aren't you the tasty little treat?
Tell you what, baby, why don't you come over here?
Are you double?
Now, why would you be here this late at night if it wasn't to have a good time?
Hmm?
I'll tell you what, baby, you be mine as you won't ever have to hurt for money ever again.
Stop it!
I told you I have a husband!
Oh, yes, your husband.
That's right, hmm?
I'll tell you what, you take care of me.
And I will absolutely take care of you, huh?
Oh, just scream my name, baby.
It's gonna be the only one you'll need to remember after tonight.
Unlike that loser of a husband you have.
I bet he can't even finish the job in bed, can he?
Out of your mouth!
You actually love the guy, huh?
Good!
It's gonna make this whole thing so much more thrilling.
And how about you and me make him a little homemade video?
Just the two of us.
Defend it to him.
I'm sure the son of a bitch can learn a thing or two.
Got it!
Bitch, where do you think no one's coming for you?
You are all mine.
You can't do this to me.
Miller, huh?
All I need is to make one phone call,
and I'll end your entire family.
And my family?
You go ahead and try.
We're not gonna be intimidated by some security card.
What do you mean family accounts are bankrupt?
Don't worry about that cycle anymore.
You know what he said to me?
That you couldn't get the job done in bed.
And I got so bad then.
You're too drunk.
I'm gonna go make you a hot cup of tea or something.
Everything about you is so beautiful.
It's really merry.
Like who?
Is it an ex-boyfriend or something?
No.
Don't avoid the question.
Tell me.
Kiss me.
You're such a child.
Go be with him if that's what you want to do.
I don't play games this bro.
So bro...
My psychiatrist likes to think so.
You were having such a good night.
Things started to ramp up,
and then he just throws me in the pool.
Guys haven't.
No.
We've been married for days and nothing.
It's like he doesn't even want to touch me
and we're sleeping in separate rooms.
Are you sure he doesn't...
playing for the other team?
No, trust me, Pinocchio is ready to tell a lie.
I got it.
Maybe it's his ex-wife.
He's probably still hung up on her.
That's gotta be it.
Well, if he still loves her then why would he divorce her in the first place?
Maybe she left him.
You never know.
You should be careful with this guy.
No.
No, he's not like that.
Truly, I mean, I'll go down the list, okay?
One, he is a gentleman.
Two, he's generous.
Three, brave.
Four, he's strong.
Five, he's always there for me.
Whenever I need him.
It's where he's like.
What?
Why are you smiling?
You fell for him pretty hard, didn't you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Look, if you're really into this guy,
just seal the deal tonight.
Are you doing sneaking into my room in the middle of the night?
Well, think it should be our rep.
I don't want to sleep in separate pimps anymore.
You want to sleep in bed with me?
I've been lost by it, right?
Sick.
Sick?
First she's all hot and bothered about her.
Now she thinks kissing me is disgusting?
Yes.
I've never felt more disgusted in my life.
Get out.
I'm sorry, what?
Or I will.
He's right.
He still in love with his ex-wife.
What am I going to do?
Toss his ex, the glue.
Waitress, I got pachino, please?
That'll be $6.
Ew.
Well, well, if it isn't Stella.
No, I heard you were waiting tables.
I had to come see it for myself.
You're so pathetic.
Just looking at you makes me nauseous.
I earned my money the honest way.
There's nothing pathetic.
We're just graceful about what I do.
$6.
Charging people for that shit.
That tasted like this.
You should try our premium grade.
It's really our most popular batch.
You want to see?
I'm nervous lady here has just decided to treat you all
to our most expensive pan and legatia coffee.
Let's give her a round of applause.
Generous.
You're so incredibly beautiful too.
I've never met anybody like you.
Thank you so much.
What can I say?
I'm feeling generous.
So generous in fact that I would like to add
an additional bag of your finest coffee beans.
Well, get to it bitch.
Alright, you're excellent.
That'll be $8,000.
Come again.
You heard me.
I'm sure that's chum changed for you.
With all your expensive cars and fancy homes.
Just charge it.
Thank you for your business.
And thank you so much especially for that tip.
I really appreciate it.
You'll pay for this bitch.
50 grand in it for you.
You won't hurt anyone right?
It'll itch a bit so don't drink it.
But make sure Stella is the one who makes the coffee.
Why am I jealous?
She's my wife.
I should be feeling happy not feeling shitty.
Sir, as requested we've purchased
the bakery where Mrs. Smith works.
Good job.
Wait, sir.
Where are you going?
You make things right.
Why am I so itchy?
Me too.
Is there something wrong with the coffee?
It tastes funny.
This coffee is making us itch.
What the hell is this?
What's in it?
It's perfectly fine.
What do you think I'm just making up?
I wasn't itching before I drank the coffee.
Exactly.
I mean, look at my skin.
Do you know how much I business in the hospital is?
You're finished, bitch.
I'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience.
We'll be taking care of things for everyone.
This will be taken out of your paycheck.
Your negligence won't be tolerated, Stella.
I did everything like I normally do.
This is a huge misunderstanding.
I'm misunderstanding.
As the barista, you're in charge of ensuring that
every cup of Joe is up to quality standards.
If there's a problem, you're the one to blame.
Learn from your mistakes.
Don't make excuses.
I did nothing wrong.
France footage.
No need.
This was clearly your fault.
Now get out of here.
You're fired.
You step back.
It's my wife you're talking to.
What are you doing here?
I won't anybody believe.
What's this?
She's married to my ex-husband.
And he's treating her nice.
He never treated me like that.
You think you are interfering in my affairs.
As of today, I'm the donor of the store.
Which means my wife is too.
And you?
You're fired.
Her?
The shop owner?
That's impossible.
Why don't you check it yourself?
That woman that made me do it.
Places all yours.
Congratulations.
Boss.
This is not cheap.
How did you get this money?
Oh.
Hi.